- [Instructor] Now I don't want to sound too critical,
but Maven sites are not the prettiest.
The CSS hasn't appeared to have changed in quite some time.
As such, your organization
may want to invest some time into skinning the sites
to make them more visually appealing,
especially if you are providing them for outside teams.
Now while I'm not going to skin a site,
I do want you to see the wealth of documentation about it.
So I want you to navigate in your browser
to Maven dot Apache dot org slash plugins
slash Maven site plugins slash examples
slash creating skins dot html.
Now this is a wealth of documentation
about how to actually go about creating your custom skin.
Providing the style sheet as well as other behaviors
that you may want to add
to your site to make it more appealing.
By using the skinning process,
you can actually make all of your sites look the exact same,
but different than anyone else's default skin.
Furthermore, you can make it match your corporate website
which is very appealing
if you're providing this documentation to a third party.
So throughout this page,
it gives you all of the instructions
on how to build, how to construct the CSS,
how to use Velocity templates, if you want to,
to get your html output,
and over on the left hand side,
there's very specific use cases.
Now one other thing that I also want to note
is you can actually scroll down
on the left side and go to the skins option.
You will see that there actually are some available skins
that you can just use as is.
We've been using the Maven default skin,
and as I said, this has been out for quite some time,
but there's some more modern skins.
The Fluido skin is based on bootstrap CSS
from Twitter, for instance,
and there's several that have been retired
and as you scroll down,
you'll also see that there's some that are outside
of Maven itself.
Now I'm not going to justify which skin is better than another.
That's all for your personal appearance,
and quite frankly,
if you really want to put time into skinning your site,
you're probably going to want to build your own,
but these skins that have already been built
can lead you down the path to building your site
much more efficiently
because you can see what other people have done.
Now again, this is not something that we're going to go
through in this course.
I just wanted you to be exposed
that that sort of red and white and black skin
is not something you have to live with,
which makes Maven sites just a little bit more appealing
when you can go customize them.